firewall: describe rules UI (#28)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: firewall.rst

In this configuration, the firewall regulates traffic between the WAN and LAN zones, allowing internal devices to access the internet and communicate internally while maintaining security by blocking direct external access to the firewall and preventing communication between external networks.

Default zones can't be deleted but the network administrator can change existing policies or create new zones. 

.. _firewall-rules-section:

Rules
=====

Firewall rules define how network traffic is segmented and controlled between different zones. 
Firewalls acts as barriers between trusted internal networks and untrusted external networks, such as the internet.
These rules specify which traffic is allowed, denied, or monitored based on predefined security policies.

The order of rules is important; the first matching rule is applied, determining the fate of the network packet.

The page is organized into three tabs, each serving a specific purpose:

* ``Forward rules`` tab: thiis tab is dedicated to configuring rules for data packets moving between different zones in the network.

> * ``Input rules`` tab: this tab is dedicated to configuring rules for data packets entering the firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Input rules`` tab: this tab is dedicated to configuring rules for incoming packets destined for the firewall itself.
```

> * ``Output rules`` tab: this tab is dedicated to configuring rules for data packets leaving the firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``Output rules`` tab: this tab is dedicated to configuring rules for packets emitted by the firewall.
```
